Implement recursive dataclass parsing (#47)
rogiervandergeer/pydargs: README.md

  -h, --help        show this help message and exit
  --an-integer INT
```

## Nested Dataclasses

Dataclasses may be nested; the type of a dataclass field may be another dataclass type:

```python
from dataclasses import dataclass, field

@dataclass
class Config:
  field_a: int
  field_b: str = "abc"

@dataclass
class Base:
  config: Config
  verbose: bool = False
```

Argument names of fields of the nested dataclass are prefixed with the field name of the nested dataclass in the base
dataclass. Calling `pydargs.parse(Base, ["-h"])` will result in somthing like:

```text
usage: your_program.py [-h] --config-field-a CONFIG_FIELD_A
                            [--config-field-b CONFIG_FIELD_B]
                            [--verbose VERBOSE]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --verbose VERBOSE     (default: False)

config:
  --config-field-a CONFIG_FIELD_A
  --config-field-b CONFIG_FIELD_B
                        (default: abc)

```

Please be aware of the following:

> - The default (factory) of fields with a dataclass type is ignored by pydargs, which may yield unexpected results.
>   If you must add a default, do `field_name: NestedClass = field(default_factory: NestedClass)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default (factory) of fields with a dataclass type is ignored by pydargs, which may yield unexpected results. 
  I.e. in the provided default for `a` in `field_name: NestedClass = field(default_factory: NestedClass(a=1))` is ignored. 
  If you want to set a defaults for the NestedClass, you must do this in the class definition of `NestedClass`
  and set the default for the nested class as `field_name: NestedClass = field(default_factory: NestedClass)`.
```

Reviewer: This is a little more explicit, it took me some time to figure out what you meant

Reviewer: Is this last line also correct? or is the default factory not required? if not, why would a default_factory be needed? For the ordering of the properties on the class? i.e. properties without defaults after properties with defaults?

Author: Your suggestion isn't entirely correct. The note isn't about arguments to a default constructor, but about the entire default and/or default_factory. Whatever is provided as `default` or `default_factory`, is completely ignored.

Would this be better?

```suggestion
- The default (factory) of fields with a dataclass type is ignored by pydargs, which may yield unexpected results.
  E.g., in the example above, `config: Config = field(default_factory=lambda: Config(field_b="def"))` will not result in a default of "def" for field_b when parsed by pydargs.
  If you must add a default, for example for instantiating your dataclass elsewhere, do `config: Config = field(default_factory=Config)`.
```

Reviewer: > If you want to set a defaults for the NestedClass, you must do this in the class definition of `NestedClass`

This part of my suggestion is still relevant though, right? 

> If you must add a default, for example for instantiating your dataclass elsewhere, do `config: Config = field(default_factory=Config)`.

Is this strictly required when instantiation the object manually? 

If so, I think we can rephrase it as:
> To support instantiating the dataclass directly, you should do `config: Config = field(default_factory=Config)`.

Author: > This part of my suggestion is still relevant though, right?

True; how about this?

```suggestion
- The default (factory) of fields with a dataclass type is ignored by pydargs, which may yield unexpected results.
  E.g., in the example above, `config: Config = field(default_factory=lambda: Config(field_b="def"))` will not result in a default of "def" for field_b when parsed by pydargs. 
  Instead, set `field_b: str = "def"` in the definition of `Config`.
  If you must add a default, for example for instantiating your dataclass elsewhere, do `config: Config = field(default_factory=Config)`, assuming that all fields in `Config` have a default.
```

Having a default for a dataclass-type field is not necessary for instantiating it elsewhere, but it is required if you want to be able to instantiate it without arguments.

Reviewer: Yes that looks good! Note that on line `#236` you have two dots. Not sure if intentional

- Nested dataclasses can not be positional (although _fields of_ the nested dataclass can be).

> - Argument names must not collide. In the example above, the `Base` class should not contain a field named `config_field_a`.

Reviewer: Maybe also write about the behaviour of what happens when this is done. 
Based on the tests it looks like this is not possible and will crash, but it's not immediately clear

Author: In that case you'll get an `ArgumentError` indeed. Does the user need to know that? They shouldn't get in that situation anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Argument names must not collide. In the example above, the `Base` class cannot contain a field named `config_field_a`.
```

Author: I deliberately chose the wording "should not" as it is not recommended, but one could in principle have a field named `config_field_a` with `ignore_arg=True` to prevent collisions.

See [RFC2119](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/pdfrfc/rfc2119.txt.pdf).

Reviewer: Ahhhhh

Reviewer: I think this is a good example to add to the docstring though, I didn't think of that

Reviewer: Something like: "It is possible, when setting `ignore_arg` to True, but not recommended."

Author: Do we really want to go into such detail? The wording "should not" should tell the user that in principle it is a bad idea, unless they understand the full implications of doing so. For the purpose of a README that should be enough, right? This is something that no-one will likely encounter anyway.

Reviewer: 👍
